chore(docs): Fix docs starting with n (#19065)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/node-tracking.md

## Find Root Nodes

> To access this information, `node-tracking.js` provides the [findRootNodeAncestor()](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/blob/master/packages/gatsby/src/schema/node-tracking.js#L52) function. It takes an object, and looks up its parent's nodeID in `rootNodeMap`. It then finds the actual node in redux. It then gets that node's `parent` ID, and gets the parent node from redux. And continues in this way until it founds the root node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access this information, `node-tracking.js` provides the [findRootNodeAncestor()](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/blob/master/packages/gatsby/src/schema/node-tracking.js#L52) function. It takes an object, and looks up its parent's nodeID in `rootNodeMap`. It then finds the actual node in redux. It then gets that node's `parent` ID, and gets the parent node from redux. And continues in this way until it finds the root node.
```

In the above example, `nodeA` has parent `id1`. So `findRootNodeAncestor({ blog: "blog/my-blog.md", b: 2 })` would return the node for `id1` (the parent).

## Why/Where?

Where is node-tracking used? First up, nodes are tracked in 2 places. Firstly, in [createNode](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/blob/master/packages/gatsby/src/redux/actions.js#L539), every time a node is created, Gatsby links all its subobjects to the new NodeID. Nodes are also tracked whenever they are resolved in [run-sift](/docs/schema-sift/#3-resolve-inner-query-fields-on-all-nodes). This is necessary because [custom plugin fields](/docs/schema-input-gql/#inferring-input-filters-from-plugin-fields/) might return new objects that weren't created when the node was initially made.

> Now, where do you use this information? In 2 places.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, where does Gatsby use this information? In 2 places.
```

> 1. In the `File` type resolver. It is used to lookup the node's root, which should be of type `File`. You can then use that root node's base directory attribute to create the full path of the resolved field's value, and therefore find the actual `File` node that the string value is describing. See [File GqlType inference](/docs/schema-gql-type/#file-types) for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the `File` type resolver. It is used to lookup the node's root, which should be of type `File`. Gatsby can then use that root node's base directory attribute to create the full path of the resolved field's value, and therefore find the actual `File` node that the string value is describing. See [File GqlType inference](/docs/schema-gql-type/#file-types) for more info.
```
